HELP TOPICS
===========

How do I up date the program database?
--------------------------------------

There are two excel files used as program references for
information used to fill in blanks when processing line items.
These files are located in the "Lookup Tables" folder which
can be found in the Data Clean installation directory
(most likelyC:\Program Files (x86)\Data Clean). The excel titled
"database" contains a thousands of previously processed line items
taken from the past ~two years of ship data.

If after processing a ledger data file you observe cells containing "#N/A",
you can fill in these values and update the database so that you will not have
to fill these values in again in the future. This can be accomplished as follows:

1. Export the results from the program into an excel file using the Export button
   on the toolbar, or navigating to File>Export, or pressing Ctrl + E.

2. Open this file in excel and fill in all the "#N/A" values and make any corrections
   to other lines containing erroneous information.

3. Navigate to the "Lookup Table" folder located as described above. Open the "database"
   excel file and copy in all line items that were edited in the previous step.

4. Save and close the "database" excel file.

5. In the Data Clean window, navigate to Update>Update Database. This process will take
   up to a couple minutes. If you wish to process another Raw Ledger File using this newly
   added information, you will have to close and restart Data Clean.

The other database excel file title "Brand Manager Lookup" is used to capture the exclusive
relationship between some brands and respective brand managers to fill in the "Sales/Key Acct Rep"
field. If adjustments need to be made to these relationships, each Brand Manager has an
associated worksheet within this file which can be altered in the following ways:

1. Change of Name: If the name needs to be changed, be sure to change it both on the worksheet tab
   and the top cell of column A.

2. Delete of Worksheet: If you need to do so, do so.

3. Add a Brand Manager: Just follow the pattern of the other tabs with respect to naming and only
   using the first column and all is well.

4. Add/Remove a brand from a Brand Managers worksheet: Go ahead. Just keep it in the first column.

After you have completed alterations to the Brand Manager Lookup excel file, close and save. Then
navigate to Update>Update Brand Manager Lookup.


What is there is incorrect/outdated values showing up in the processed data?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is likely due to outdated or incorrect values in the "database" excel file.
Filter for the offending values within this file and delete as necessary, then
update Data Clean as described above.


I did the things you said above and bad values are still showing up in the processed file.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open up your Outlook. Send a description of the problem to daniel.o.rowland@gmail.com and I will
provide free help. Forever! Seriously, please do this! I will only get better at what I do if I have
opportunities to follow up on usability problems and hopefully I will continue to save you time and
effort processing this data.

-Cheers

.dan

